Linger, you, you are awake
I was pretending to be asleep on purpose.
Now I'm pretending to be asleep
What villa?
What concoction are you making?
Now that you've discovered it
Then I won't hide it
Brother Tianze
Not only did you give me a villa worth tens of billions
And he gave me the Regency Hotel
Brother Tianze and I have established a relationship
No.
Did he say it was true?
I obviously met you first, I'm sorry.
But my brother Tianze and I are the true love
Okay?
When Tianze's brother Song Xiaoya's favorability rises
Currently 90 isn't it?
Being jealous can improve favorability
Let me spend 100 years
Really loud
No, Tianze, you help me like that
You also gave me Dynasty Entertainment to beat you
You have me in your heart, right?
Linger, listen to my explanation
I have no definite relationship with Xiaoya
The relationship is a bit complicated
I'll explain it to you later.
Oh, by the way, I haven't had any clothes at home yet.
I'm going back first
Bye
Brother Tianze
Li Yang, Brother Tianze will definitely be mine
We'll see.
Hello bro
boss
Go to his warehouse immediately. There's a fire. We lost 1 billion
What!